[DOCS-9771] Resource Catalog Infrastructure Governance (#27035)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/resource_catalog/governance/_index.md

Specifically, you can:

- Define a [custom policy](#create-a-custom-policy), which involves choosing a resource type, the attribute on the resource type, and target value(s) the attribute should have
- Define a [tagging policy](#create-a-tagging-policy), which involves a resource type and the desired tag key and value the resource type should have
- Access a dedicated view for each policy where you can see its list of non-compliant resources and compliance score
- Filter, group, and export the list of non-compliant resources for a policy so you can prioritize and assign the work

## Create a custom policy

{{< img src="/infrastructure/resource_catalog/governance/custom-policy-example-1.png" alt="A custom policy reflecting a compliance score of thirty percent." width="100%">}}

Custom policies require specific values in your cloud resource attributes within Datadog based on your organization's infrastructure best practices.

To create a custom policy:

1. Navigate to **Infrastructure > Resource Catalog** and click the [**Governance**][1] tab.
2. Click the **New Custom Policy** button.

> 3. Select a Resource Type from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: For consistency on this page and the [parent page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/resource_catalog/):
```suggestion
3. Select a resource type from the dropdown menu.
```

4. Optionally, search for additional dataset filters.
5. Select a target resource attribute and desired value.
6. Optionally, add instructions for remediation.
7. A name is automatically generated based on the data entered, but you can modify it.
8. Click **Create Custom Policy**.

> By clicking the new policy, you can review all non-compliant resources and filter them by region, environment, account, service, or team. You can also group them by attributes or tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the new policy to review all non-compliant resources and filter them by region, environment, account, service, or team. You can also group them by attributes or tags.
```

## Create a tagging policy

Tagging policies require specific tag keys and tag value formats on your infrastructure resources across Datadog.

To create a tagging policy:

1. Navigate to **Infrastructure > Resource Catalog** and click the [**Governance**][1] tab.
2. Click the **New Tagging Policy** button.
3. Choose the resource types the policy applies to.
4. Define the required tag key and its allowed values.
5. A name is automatically generated based on the data entered, but you can modify it.
6. Click **Create Tagging Policy**.

> By clicking the new policy, you can review all non-compliant resources and filter them by cloud, region, environment, account, service, team, or tag. You can also group them by attributes or tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the new policy to review all non-compliant resources and filter them by cloud, region, environment, account, service, team, or tag. You can also group them by attributes or tags.
```

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/catalog/governance

## Updating policies

> To update a policy:
> 
> 1. Click the policy.
> 2. Click the **Edit** button.
> 3. Modify the policy as needed.
> 4. Click **Update Custom Policy** or **Update Tagging Policy**.

Reviewer: This seems like a pretty simple workflow that might not need a full stepped procedure. I think it'll be clear to the user that they need to basically save their changes. Similar to the deleting and exporting instructions below:
```suggestion
To update a policy, click the policy, then click the **Edit** button and modify as needed.
```
